# CINEMAGOT - Find Your Movie in a Leap of a Monkey

## What is the point?

CineMaGot is an original cyberpunky looking web application for real cinema
lovers and movie fans. The whole world of film industry is at hand. Want to
catch up with the latest scoops and jump on a hype train - there you go! Eager
to know more about a movie, watch a trailer or just take a look at your favorite
actors - this is all available in no time. Even the most fastidious movie geeks
can find their way to the rarest film specimens and keep track of their watching
experience.

Our philosophy is that we are all like magots, or rather CineMagots - curious
and smart monkeys striving to get what we want in a blink of an eye in the world
of technology. And all we want is cinema!

## What is there for a newcomer?

Although we thoroughly recommend signing up, unregistered users will still find
lots of ways to entertain themselves. Without registration you can immediately
do the following:

- Look through galleries of films that are currently trending, currently running
  at cinemas, enjoying the greatest hype or being considered the best movies of
  all times;

- Catch up with the latest news of the film and entertainment industry;

- Find the detailed information on any movie that has sparked your interest;

- Watch trailers and all the official videos related to it;

- Read real people's reviews of the film you are interested in;

- Search for a particular movie by keywords;

Which is not that little, isn't it?

## What do I get if I sign up?

When you are welcomed as a registered user, in addition to all the previous
options available to a newcomer, you will get a whole bunch of special perks
that you can take advantage of.

Namely:

- Besides looking through the aforementioned galleries, now you have a chance to
  perform quite a sophisticated search - by genres, original language, year,
  earliest date, latest date and users' rating;

- The most useful opportunity, however, is that now you are provided with your
  personal room called 'CineMansion' enabling you to keep your own three private
  lists - your favorites, films that you want to watch later and the ones you've
  already seen;

- From any list you can easily access recommended films that other people
  usually watch with the particular movie as well as similar films which are
  justâ€¦ similar;

- You can also checkout various posters that have been created for a certain
  movie in different countries, which might be appreciated by real movie geeks;

- In your personal CineMansion you can keep track of various statistics
  describing your watching experience - from your favorite genres to your
  favorite films' average budget. You might find some data quite surprising;

And, of course, there are ways to personalize your room. At any time you can
change the color schema or choose another CineMagot you can associate yourself
with today.

## Let Us Get down to Serious Stuff

The CineMaGot web application is based on React framework therefore using
JavaScript as a basic language. However, the main bunch of utilized technologies
includes:

- Redux Toolkit - for synchronous and asynchronous operations that require
  distant data exchange among components;

- Tanstack/React Query - for local asynchronous operations that do not need to
  be processed globally;

- Firebase - for registration and authentication of users, as well as storage of
  private user lists;

- Styled Components and Styled System - for handling styles and theming;

## Complete List of Utilized Technologies:

- React;
- JavaScript;
- Redux Toolkit;
- Tanstack/React Query;
- Firebase;
- Styled Components;
- Styled System;
- Axios;
- Chart.js;
- Swiper React;
- React Tostify;
- CSS;
- HTML5;

## Contact Information

If you want to report a bug or you have got an interesting suggestion, you can
find and contact me here on linkedIn:
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yevhen-petrunkin/)
